From Hollywood, California, at Meltdown Commerce, the nerdest, nerdy, nerdy, melty merch, Harmontown is now in session.
Let's bring out Spencer Crittenden. You know what? He's crashed at it. I forgot he's not here. I guess in a pinch, let's bring out Rob Schwab.
In a pinch. Give me some cards.
Rob, you want to do like a minute or two before Dan comes out? I can do some table magic. Table magic? Table magic. I need some cards in the Sharpie.
Is anybody here have a deck of cards? Is anybody here have a blank deck of cards? I'm going to put my own symbols on it. And my own royalty. No, a blank set of cards.
Everybody just give me a blank set of cards and I will do some table magic. I'll make up my own royalty. Okay. I'll introduce Dan and then I'll make it. No.
You're saying Dan doesn't come out until you get some three by five cards. I'm not being clear. I want a blank set of cards and a Sharpie. Dan, go.
Dan Hummer is bringing out.
Dan, go away.
Rob, how much lead time do you want? Just a few seconds. Should I stall until then? Should I fill time? Fill time.
You know, the Feral Audio Network. It's the Lexus of Audio Networks. And if you go to feralaudio.com, you get a free Maserati.
A little bit more.
Maserati is the Lexus of cars.
How much more do you need? Just one more. This is going to be a good set of cards.
The person I'm about to introduce needs no introduction. You know him as the mayor of the show that you came to see. You ready, Rob?
Yes. Go for it. Let's do this.
Dan Harmon.
Our guest has a hard out tonight.
I have a hard out for you.
I want you to pick one card.
This is just table magic.
That's the card you got. Now read it. Aids.
But how did he know?
The nose knows. The nose knows, Jeffrey. Jeffrey, the nose knows. I like the table.
I'm so nervous about tonight. Who are you doing?
I'm not nervous at all.
This is an important night for me.
I know it's important to you.
I feel great. I feel good. I'm so fucking drunk right now.
Dan?
We have a guest here tonight that I'd like to talk to.
Needs no introduction.
We're going to talk to him about the emerging world of new media because all media is new to him because he was there at the actual birth of fucking television when it was all beginning.
He's written on, what? Written on, created. He's developed over 100 shows. I don't even know how it's possible.
All 100 of them.
Some of them are more noteworthy than others. All in the family. Sanford and son. Good times. Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman.
Fernwood tonight.
The Jeffersons. The Jeffersons I skipped right over as one of the, I mean, let's just bring them out.
All of you millennials have no idea how fucking awesome this is. You have no idea. This is really cool. Dan, take it away.
Thanks, Rob.
Please do not screw this up, Dan.
All right. So you have this documentary coming out that's about you. Did you have a hand in any of it editorially?
Like Harmontown.
Absolutely. Two women made it.
They're two great women.
And you had an agreement with them. I'm sure they're very reverent of you, but in order to make a, I got a sneak peek at it.
It's a very powerful emotional portrait.
You did a great job. It's an American master. So PBS didn't want anybody to see. I mean, it's a rule of the game.
And they made sure I saw none of it.
And then you finally saw it and you, how'd you feel?
You know, I saw it with, it opened Sundance. It opened the festival. So that was a great compliment to the film.
And I saw it with my family. So I was just wondering how's my wife like it. My kids, I have six kids.
They were all there. What are they thinking? I have yet to really sit down and see it.
Yeah. I mean, one of the more powerful emotional themes that keeps coming up is about your dad.
But let's put a pin in that because the really interesting thing to me is that, I mean, your career in television before,
it's almost a footnote in an equally amazing just lifetime. It describes you, you describe yourself in your book,
sitting with that crystal radio. Do you want to talk about that for a moment? That first experience you had with?
You don't. Do you want to sing about it?
You know about it?
A little song?
No. Do you know about the crystal radio set he's talking about?
I do not.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Why don't you tell me, Mr. Lear?
My dad went to prison when I was nine years old.
And when I was eight and a half, tending toward nine, we made a crystal radio set.
It was one of the best times I could remember having with him.
And he was gone and I'm fully with the little crazy.
You had the headphones and a little what they call the cat's whisker over this little crystal.
And if you caught a signal, you were lucky. And I caught a signal.
And I was unlucky because the signal I caught had a guy by the name of Father Coglin.
He was a priest who had a big radio show.
And he was a madman and a vicious anti-Semite and anti-Rosevelt.
And he liked the things he heard beginning in Germany.
I'm talking about 1931.
And you're a kid of nine years old and you're listening to this guy.
I'm listening to this guy and he hates Jewish people.
And it was the first time I knew anything about anti-Semitism,
which it didn't take me long to realize if I was hurting as a result of a Father Coglin,
these people I didn't see a lot of at that time in my high school and my school black people.
I started to see a lot of them a little bit later.
And I had an automatic affinity for everybody who was suffering even more than we were.
I thought that was an interesting part of your...
But I want to make mention of we had civics classes in those years.
So we were learning at that tender age about the Declaration of Independence,
the Bill of Rights, the First Amendment.
All of those guarantees that this country was going to protect all of us
and we would have equal protection under the law.
And that saved my ass emotionally.
You mean it protected you from the fear?
I don't know, but...
Do you mean listening to this guy and feeling you might have felt hunted and endangered if it weren't for civics classes?
My country said he was evil and wrong.
And we don't have civics classes in public schools anyway.
They cut that like they cut the arts and music and all those things
that bring us together make us feel as one seem to go first.
Something we hung onto is the Pledge of Allegiance,
which you mentioned on this really stirring patriotic portrait of the America that you belong to at that time.
An America that hadn't entered World War II yet.
You talked about patriotism, you talked about being at parades with your grandfather,
you talked about what it felt like to be proud to be an American back then.
And one thing that you mentioned that caught my attention was
this was before they had gratuitously added under God to the end of the Pledge of Allegiance.
When did they add that?
I could have looked it up, but I figured you were coming.
I think it was 1936.
I mean, recently they added that.
This idea that this is one of the dragons that you fought your whole career and very capably.
It's this weird, this morality concept that some people say has something to do with Christian values,
which you would not argue with, I don't get the impression.
But what you would argue with is that being shoved down people's throat
and unduly influencing elected office and things like that,
which is why in the 80s when the moral majority started...
That's when I started People for the American Way.
To fight the moral majority, Pat Robertson, Jerry Falwell, Jimmy Swagger,
all those guys that were building these giant congregations,
insisting that you were a good American or a bad American.
I mean, you were a good Christian or a bad Christian, depending on your political point of view.
I didn't start People for the American Way at the beginning.
I just did a 60-second television spot with a working guy sitting on a piece of factory equipment
and saying that he and his family sit around the dinner table, breakfast table,
talking politics all the time, his wife and his kids disagree about all kinds of things,
and he disagrees, but here come these ministers.
He said on radio and television, telling you you were a good Christian or a bad Christian,
if you agree with them, you're a good Christian.
Well, I agreed with them on a lot of political stuff, so I was a good Christian.
My wife was a bad one, and I've got to tell you, I know my wife is a hell of a much better Christian than I am.
And he winds up saying, so there's got to be something wrong.
When anybody tells you you are a good or a bad Christian, depending on your political point of view,
that's not the American way he said.
It also ties into something you talked about, about comedy,
in the part where you're talking about Jerry Lewis, which we can start to talk about,
your early career, which gets pretty fascinating.
But you stopped while talking about Jerry Lewis and talked about the way you put it,
because if you're comedically empowered and paraphrasing you,
once you become so popular for making people laugh that you can do whatever you want next,
you can continue to be a clown, or you can rise to the papacy, you said.
And that idea that certainty is the enemy in comedy as well,
not to put words in your mouth, but that Jerry Lewis being an example of somebody who became so certain of himself
and a sense of control, his need for control, that maybe he started to get a little unfuddy.
Yeah, he became a kind of pope figure.
You know, he makes his own point. I don't have to talk about that.
If you've ever seen the years of muscular, the muscular dystrophy, telethon,
you can watch him at the beginning being the most hilarious 35 years ago or however many.
I mean, he was the funniest man I ever met.
And we all but died laughing at Simmons, my partner and I.
And then little by little he became, he knew everything.
And every year he did that telethon as the master of ceremonies,
and you can see him change over the years and become that figure.
You know, when they split up everybody thought Jerry was going to have a huge, huge career.
What was Dean going to do without Jerry?
And Dean did better.
And now I guess you now tell him about the birthday candle.
Jerry Lewis.
It's funny a moment as I can ever recall.
Please, please, this blew my mind. Please tell us.
It was, we were doing, I think, the third or fourth Colgate Comedy Hour.
And the guys were in Chicago.
So we were, they were at the Che Paris in Chicago.
And we were staying at the, and I forget the name of the hotel, the fanciest hotel in the...
Drake. The Drake.
Did you say Drake? The Drake.
No.
Was it the Drake?
It was just the worst game show I've ever been on.
Drake.
He, it was Jerry's birthday.
And Eddie and I, we were on the same floor.
And we went to pick him up.
We were all going out to dinner. We were going to meet Dean in the lobby.
And we knocked on his door.
Again, that was his birthday. And, come in.
And so we opened the door. It was pitch dark.
And we tiptoed in in the darkness.
And suddenly there was a lit candle.
I mean, a match lit.
And as the match descended, we saw him with an erection.
And sitting naked.
With an erection and a baby candle in it.
Wait, in it?
Singing Happy Birthday to you. Happy Birthday to you.
Jerry Lewis.
Norman.
I'm the king of birthdays.
I have a couple of follow-up questions on that.
How long do you think he'd been waiting there for that?
Do you think it was like five minutes?
Long enough to get an erection.
I think he could have heard the knock and run into him.
Oh, really?
The candle was in.
The candle, no, he'd have to be sitting there a little while with the candle.
Yeah.
There was preparation there.
How long was the candle in his dick?
Just so you guys know, November 12th.
That's when it took place?
No, that's my birthday.
You're invited, Norman.
If the lights are out, don't worry about it.
Yeah, if the lights are out, please come inside.
I was wondering when I heard these old Hollywood stories.
I'd like to go back to say that there was never anybody funnier than he was those years.
And that was a hilarious prank among thousands of hilarious pranks.
No, you literally truly loved him.
I mean, you say so.
You praise him to no end.
We used to.
He had a little play.
He was on a Malfoy Drive in Pacific Palisades.
And he had a playhouse next door.
I mean, in the back, the Garon Playhouse named after his sons, Gary and Ronnie.
And we, Eddie and I used to, he'd be behind the bar, you know, getting us a, we were not drinkers,
but, you know, in the afternoon.
And we'd say you're 86 years old.
So he'd become 86 years old.
86 years old with an Italian accent, Italian accent and you're blind in one eye.
You're hearing your aunt call you from another room and there's a baby crying.
And we just throw things at him.
And he'd add, he'd do everything you asked him to do one and combine them.
And until we fell apart.
Yeah.
Yeah, I only, I mean, I didn't mean to bring him up in a bad light when I brought him up
immediately.
I was, I was, it was the connection between in politics and in comedy certainty being the enemy.
And it was curious what you, when you, when you watch today's comedy, like this,
our country loves its comedy and we're a very successful country and we're, and our comedy is very successful and it's institutional.
And to what extent, you know, you, you very quickly gravitated towards controversy in your comedy.
You went out of your way.
You win it when you could have easily taken the path most traveled.
You tended to end up on projects that were causing letters and to be written.
That wasn't the, you know, the intention at all.
There was no such intention.
I don't think you were Geraldo Rivera, but you know, you wanted people to have a discussion.
What got that laugh?
I said, I said, I said, it's not like you were Geraldo Rivera or something.
I'm not saying you're like a controversy junkie.
Like you, like you wanted to make headlines with your shenanigans.
No, we were, I learned, I mentioned my father going away.
When my father went away, my mother was selling all the furniture.
She had to get out of the house.
She couldn't live there in shame anymore.
And it was like two nights after he, they had taken him away.
And as the house is full of people that were looking at the furniture, especially my, killed me to see somebody thinking of buying my father's red leather chair,
from which he controlled the dial and the radio and so forth, like our chiefs all those years later.
But somebody, an adult buying this stuff, I couldn't bear to start with, puts his hand on my shoulder and says, well, you're the man of the house now.
Under those circumstances, you're looking at a kid in that situation and you're telling me he's the man of the house.
Somehow I got a sense of the foolishness of the human condition.
That was just in its own stupid, ugly way, hilarious.
And I got it.
And that's what we rode out of.
There wasn't any subject that we ever dealt with that wasn't in the neighborhood.
They weren't talking about down the street, across the street.
Women went through, women went through men and parents and their kids, the kids in school.
All the things we did were just out of what we were reading about or hearing about or living through.
When you were doing all in the family and some of the more, some of the topics you dealt with and that were very controversial compared to what else was going on in the air,
did you get a lot of interference from the network or studio at the time?
Did they have any say on the set like during the week of rehearsals?
No, they, yeah.
It took me three years to get the show on because ABC, who bought it the first time,
laughed like hell but wouldn't put it on.
There were two pilots for all in the family.
There were three.
There were two pilots and then on the air show.
The two pilots had Gene Stapleton and Carol O'Connor, the two leads and different young couple.
I kept thinking I could improve the young couple and happily it took three years and three, you know, three makings, tapings before I got Rob Reiner.
Oh, so he wasn't your, you described, you were friends with Carl Reiner and you described little Rob Reiner being hilarious on the floor because he had been raised around comics.
My oldest daughter, they're both 68 years old and my oldest daughter and he were playing together and he was teaching how to play jacks.
And because he had been eight years old or seven years old hanging around his father and his father's Jewish friend, comedians, he was talking like this.
That's the kind of way you do it, you punch the bowl and then you pick them up anyway.
As you said, he wasn't doing impressions of anybody.
In particular, he had just adopted a comedian's personality.
He grew up around Sid Caesar's whole cast.
But he wasn't just parroting them, he had affected their language.
It rubbed off.
I wanted to talk.
Well, what I was leading you down the road of was just to get the master Jedi to make a quick commentary about today's comedy, but I'm not going to lead you to that whatever.
Who cares?
I guess I was just a little curious about somebody for whom politics and comedy were both inseparable because when you look at today, when everything seems decidedly noncontroversial in terms of comedy.
Well, none of you are watching South Park.
Well, South Park is amazing.
Do you watch South Park?
I do watch it.
I watch it when I can.
There's so very much.
He officiated Trey Parker's wedding.
Really?
I just read.
Amazing.
That's amazing.
You sat in their writer's room, right?
Fantastic.
He does bar mitzvahs.
He does Quintanillas.
I can be at anybody's house tomorrow morning.
Competitive rates?
Your career begins always.
We've touched on your dad.
It's amazing in your book how you parse it out.
Even in your book, you're stirred by this and confused by your relationship with your father.
Can we find out who it is?
Yeah.
Who is it?
I don't know.
I gotta find out.
Please be Rob Reiner.
I have six kids and I always sell them.
Well, if Rod Serling wrote this, that's your dad.
Who is Brianna Lear?
Oh!
It's Jerry Lewis' lawyer.
I'm sorry, bud.
No, it is a daughter at Vassar who just got something she sought.
Oh, great.
She could be happier about it.
Oh, thank you.
You said you have six kids, you said?
I have six kids.
My kids range from 21 to 68.
Wow.
Yeah, you have a daughter.
Try that on for some.
Yeah!
You have a daughter that's 50 years older than you.
And I did that with small hands.
So for those young people planning to have kids, it's good to have them 50 years apart,
but the older one doesn't pick on the little one as much.
It's less bullying.
They're all, may I say, they're all very close.
Who's the worst one?
I'm the worst one.
So your career starts as, like, your childhood is sort of like,
your feelings about your dad are so prominent.
And the thing that you later reveal after you've talked about your exploits for a while
and you touch back on it and you say in the book,
there's a word I haven't been using and that word is fraud.
Like, I talked about the trouble that my dad got into.
Your dad's, like, sort of inauthenticity was a huge factor in your life that was very confusing to you.
You loved the guy.
So then he goes away, you, like, let's put a pin in World War II for a second,
which you find.
It's impossible to interview you and I'm a terrible interviewer.
And you were impossible.
You'd have to take it just any chunk.
I was talking about civil liberties for six hours,
but your writing career, I mean, you initially, you wanted to be a publicist.
You wanted to be...
One uncle used to flick me a quarter when he saw me.
And I just got a picture of him today from his granddaughter,
someplace in Maine where she went for whatever reason.
She went to her mother's.
Her grandmother just died.
And she was going through all this stuff and she came across some pictures of this.
Uncle used to flick me a quarter.
What was he flicking you a quarter for?
What had you done that was so great?
He just liked me and flicked me a quarter.
That was my role model.
An uncle who could flick a quarter.
I wanted to grow up to be a guy who could do that.
I have a niece right now.
You can still flick a quarter?
Can we get a quarter here?
See, I have a niece, but I don't think a quarter would work anymore.
Well, I guess it added zinc or something.
Somebody give this man a quarter.
I remember sitting on a fire escape with my mother and my father and my sister
on a hot summer's night and the conversation for 20 minutes
was whether they could afford to give me a dime or a quarter.
I can't remember what that was.
To go get a pint of ice cream at the drugstore.
That's how much a dime or a quarter.
You got ice cream from the drugstore?
Yes, from the drugstore.
That's the best place.
Before there was ice cream.
I used to in high school.
I would go to Thrifty's drugstore and get ice cream when I was a kid.
So you cannot...
Don't interrupt my ice cream story.
You're entry into writing...
You were talking about the war.
I put a pin in the war because we'll be here all night.
We'll go back to it in a second,
but you come out of the war interested in the world of publicity.
You end up writing just as if it was a moving job.
It was a way to keep from going broke.
The audacity of you...
Was it Danny Thomas?
What was your first gig?
Who was the guy that you called?
Danny Thomas.
Do you want to tell that story really quickly?
No, take your time.
I'm on panels and people say,
how do you break into the business?
Listen to this method.
I read in Variety the reporter that Danny Thomas' agent was William Morris's office.
I had an idea for Danny Thomas.
Called his office at 12.30 or so,
hopefully hoping that he would be at lunch.
Got his secretary on the phone.
He was at lunch.
And he was talking as fast as I could.
I said, I'm normally here.
I just spent three days with Danny Thomas.
I'm writing a big story for the New York Times.
I'm at the airport. I'm going back now.
I hope they're calling my plane.
I've got to talk to him. I have two questions.
I'm going to write on the plane and file it when I get there.
She gave me his number.
So I called his number and he answered the phone.
He was alone in the house with his accompanist.
I even remember the guy's name. Wally Popp was his name.
And he was going to appear at Siro's,
a very famous nightclub on the strip,
the very next night at a Friars frolic.
It was a show business event.
Everybody there would know his material.
He said, and he was looking for something in his,
you know, that went back a few years,
that they hadn't heard.
And I said, well, this is brand new.
They haven't heard it.
He said, it has to be short. I said, it's very short.
Whatever I have to say.
He said, all right, get your ass over here.
So I said, well, this is like, you know, quarter of one.
I said, well, we'll be there. I can be there by four o'clock.
He said, he's mad.
And he says, you say you're calling from Hollywood.
I'm in Beverly Hills. I'm 20 minutes away.
What do you mean four o'clock?
But we hadn't written this thing.
So he said,
if you're not over here by three or whatever the hell he said,
we got there.
He read it. He liked it.
It told very easily.
And he did it the next night and he killed.
And we were in the kitchen at Syros,
peeking out through a curtain,
and saw him just.
And I got a call the next morning.
Could we be in the, do we write television?
I said, yes, we write television.
Hey, everybody, why not?
It was new.
Norman, I'm sorry. How old are you at this time?
I'm 29.
29 or 28.
Amazing.
He had already, you know, fought in World War II.
Voluntarily.
Was any Thomas, was he already on,
was it Father Most Best, right?
Was that on or no? Was that later?
No, it's later.
Father Most Best was later.
He was a nightclub comic.
He was a nightclub raconteurist like nobody else.
He told long stories.
And I like his style.
Lots of them, biographical.
There was nobody else like Danny Thomas.
We could tell a story for eight minutes
and get a thousand laughs along the way.
So we wrote this story for him.
So that audacity,
which you have this remarkable combination
of audacity and acquiescence,
which I have a question about in a second,
I swear, it's going to be great.
Wait till you hear this question.
But in those moments,
your career beginning like that
just because by sheer force of will
and through, let's call it dishonesty,
I mean, it's a negative word,
but like you were lying to Danny Thomas.
You lied to him.
You lied to his agent.
You lied to him on the phone.
You were a con artist in that moment.
And you, and you're, you're, you're, oh, no, Norman.
Well, how do you reconcile that with this,
with this already irreconcilable relationship
with the spirit of your dad?
I was, I was all about doing good for Danny Thomas.
Right. You did. So, okay. So then
I had something for him.
He couldn't get anywhere else in the world.
Well, that was going to be my,
my unforgettable question that I was about to ask is,
is this odd, this unique blend of audacity
plus acquiescence is my suspicion was that
it's actually a surplus of personal security
that you know you're so good that you don't mind
listening to other people's needs.
And there's a little piece,
I've done a few interviews over the years.
This is the first time anybody called the attention to that.
You're absolutely right to call attention to it.
But it is the first time I'm thinking about it.
I lied to the secretaries telling her who I was.
And I lied to him.
Well, I didn't really lie to him,
but I didn't say yes or no as to whether I had written it.
But let's call it that lie.
Now I have to make, I have to make my peace with that.
Well, gosh, no, it wasn't a crime.
You did.
What did you do?
You did fight.
Dan, what did you do?
I, I broke Norman Lear.
What did you do?
Oh my god.
You know, I've said like,
It's robbing a sham, Lear.
What did you do, Dan?
Dan.
Your stories about your dad make it sound
like your dad was just bad at something
that you turned out to be very good at.
Like you, like you, my father was selling fake blood.
Right.
He was, he was, you use the word fraud later
and it's like hard to sticks in your throat
to say the word fraud.
Yeah.
Because I'd rather call him a scoundrel.
Right.
And so, well, I guess.
Or a rascal.
That's a good one.
I love a rascal.
Okay.
Well, we don't have to.
I mean, I'm not Freud.
I'm not going to like, I just, I just, yeah,
I guess my answer is you hadn't thought about it.
Like, like, like how that sort of applies
when you're going like, yeah, well, I'm at a gas station.
That's why I'll be, I'll be three hours.
Okay.
I have to write this thing, which is like,
I've done that a lot too.
And I, I, I guess I wonder like for you was,
is writing, is it a magical thing that people are
boring to do or is it a means to an end
and you could do anything you want
because you're a God?
It's a loaded question.
No matter what you answer, you sound like a prick.
I say, I sound like a what?
If you, if you took either of those options,
you'd sound like a prick.
I guess I, I, I created a trap there.
I just mean, is writing, is writing this,
did writing become, did you, did you,
you, you didn't, you didn't, you weren't,
in order to write, you have to be a prick.
Thank God.
Well, yeah, if you have met Vince Gilligan,
he ruins it for everybody, right?
Oh, Vince is so nice.
He's really nice.
He is.
Super nice guy.
Really nice.
I hope to work with him.
I think my, I think my question is,
is writing in the blood or is writing a,
just another thing you can learn to do,
like juggling or?
No, I think writing is its own,
yeah, yeah, a writer pays attention to life,
not with the conscience of forethought,
but differently from another, the average person.
Because I, because I've spent a lot of years
when I wasn't writing and a lot of years when I wasn't,
I was paying more attention to everything
when I was writing.
And, and I'm doing that now.
We're doing a new show.
This is Brent Miller sitting here.
We're doing a new show together.
And next to him is Keomey.
And when you call me, she says hello.
Yeah, well, I'll give props to Steve Levy
who hunted Keomey down.
Is it Keomey?
Yes.
Yeah, I said on this stage it was a fantasy
to have you up here and Steve Levy went
and made it a reality so I could show
what a bad interviewer I am.
It would have been fine as a fantasy,
but here we are.
Yes, this, well, you're doing a thing for Netflix
that sounds really interesting.
It's sort of, I don't know if you're offended
by the word reboot, but you're revisiting
One Day at a Time with Rita Moreno.
Rita Moreno?
Rita Moreno.
Oh my God.
We're doing a Cuban-American version
of One Day at a Time.
And she is the older generation,
Justina Machado, who's just great,
is playing the daughter.
And I forget the name of the young actress
who plays the granddaughter.
Three generations of Cuban-Americans,
and they're gorgeous and brilliant.
Yeah, and plus black people,
like we're, you know, we saved them already
with TV, right?
But speaking of which,
What are you doing?
What are you doing right now?
Oh my God.
I'm so sorry, Norman Lear.
I'm so sorry.
One of these examples of audacity
plus acquiescence.
plus acquiescence is this,
it's briefly touched on in the documentary I saw.
What is the documentary called?
Jesus Christ.
My bumper sticker reads
just another version of you.
That's the title.
And that's the title.
Just look at his bumper when you want to remember it.
Okay, I'm looking at it right now.
Just Google Norman Lear, you piece of shit.
Bring in the car.
In between Good Times and the Jeffersons,
there's this anecdote.
The Good Times was,
was it literally like the first black family on television?
In a sitcom, at least?
Literally in any version.
Yeah.
And so there's,
it kind of like,
you got this,
you have that amazing feat which is breaking the syndrome
of people are watching television
and they're taking their cues,
the national psyche is,
it can change.
We have a responsibility to change it.
There's this amazing feat
in terms of a writer's accountability
to the public trust.
And then at the same time,
there's a guy on it whose catchphrase is dynamite
and there's conflict, therefore, on the set.
The documentary touches just on this.
It can't be an easy set of highway cones to thread.
Then there's this anecdote
about three black panthers
show up and come to your office and say,
they want to talk to the garbage man.
They want to talk to Norman Lear, the garbage man.
And they storm into your office and say,
good times is bullshit.
How do you have this guy?
They read you the riot act.
Now pause here and anybody listening,
put yourself in this situation.
How acquiescent are you going to be?
You in that moment,
maybe not in that moment,
like it's forest gump,
but you credit that moment
as starting us down the road
toward the Jeffersons.
So you're still listening.
You've already proven that you're the king of television
at that point and people are barging into your office
to call you a garbage man.
And you listened to them and took their feedback
and made another great show.
That was great from another perspective.
What were the panthers,
because they were living in the projects,
because they were downtrodden?
They just wanted to talk about
why their big
billy ache was,
why does the guy have to hold down
three jobs since occasionally
in an episode
it almost seems like he's
looking for a fourth.
He's so hungry to make some money
to support his family.
And why can't there be an affluent
family on,
black family on television?
They didn't get as fired,
why can't there be that?
But they were
pissed off that the only family
that existed,
the guy had to hold down three jobs.
And you didn't say, hey, you didn't get mad,
you have a point.
When they came in looking for the garbage man,
I did take him over to the window
and pulled the curtain aside
and said, look down there.
We were on the third floor.
See down there, you see those cans and so on.
The garbage man
can't be far from there.
So they said, oh, okay,
okay, okay.
But Jefferson spun off of
All in the Family,
where did, yeah,
George was on All in the Family, right?
They lived next door.
All in the Family,
Lionel was
his good friend
and they moved in,
the Jefferson's moved in
next door to the bunkers.
On Maud,
Esther Rowe
played the maid on Maud.
And
she was just dynamite.
You know.
And
it's pronounced dynamite.
On Maud,
we introduced her husband, John Amos,
and the network said
there's a show in those two people.
Because, I mean,
I was born in 73,
so I was like a little kid growing up
on some of your shows,
and then there was syndication and stuff
and such and all from the very beginning.
But, like,
those, this might be...
I'm 51 years in this, man.
Holy shit.
He looks to me like a friend
of my dad's.
Well, that's...
We drink more than you do.
It's been a long weekend.
But, like,
the beauty of the shows is that
it's, first and foremost,
the writing. I mean, obviously,
what the content of the shows was.
But, also, you have these wonderful casts
that I don't, like, you don't see that a lot.
Like, the cast of Good Time to Jefferson
is all in the family.
Like, the acting that went on.
Also, some of the most memorable theme songs
in the world.
We all know every word to those
for the rest of our lives. Were you involved
in how you selected
the themes?
I selected them. I certainly wasn't involved
in your creation.
But you said this is the one.
But I'd like to sing them all for you now.
They were...
I mean, you...
Your shows are all characterized
by something that...
I mean, they're like plays.
I mean, you...
We did them in front of a live audience
like a play. They were written
to play like a play.
And when we talk about multi-cam
as a format, you know,
we talk about canned laughter.
And we talk about the cheesiness
and the sanitized artifice of it all.
But then we continue to go
to that bat. At least I do.
I always say,
well, I mean, we haven't
been doing what Norman Lear did.
We don't have any right
to shit on the multi-cam
format until we go back to
doing what you were doing.
I'm curious, do you have any
theories, thoughts,
rants, screeds about why is it
that we saw you nail it and then
turned our backs so willingly?
It was working. It was working
as a business model. Your shows were hits.
They were also...
They didn't have...
They allowed for 10-second
gaps of... I could listen to the man
all night.
They were...
They were plays and they were character-driven
and they had stories to them and
you didn't think...
Why is it that we went from
that to
what we have now? There are a lot of shows
that are paying... Modern Family
is paying attention.
That's about a lot of important things.
It's a wonderful show.
And as I say,
Seth MacFarlane
and
South Park...
But what about multi-cam sitcoms, though?
If you...
Well, I love
What's His Face?
What's the name of the show?
Carmichael.
I think Carmichael is correct.
They haven't even heard of this.
You whip your snappers on the show.
Carmichael, he's a 27,
8-year-old comedian.
He is the centerpiece
of a family of a show.
They do it live.
And it's terrific.
All right.
Hipster.
Then
then there is
Black-ish.
But Black-ish isn't multi-cam, right?
Yes, made in front of a live audience.
You know, terrific show.
All right, well, I'll check it out.
Ish.
And Wednesday night, we're making
the first episode of
One Day at a Time.
So
this ability
to listen to people
who barge into your office
and are totally...
you would be entitled to not listen to them.
You'd be entitled to not listen to anybody.
You clearly didn't have to come here
and listen to my bullshit.
You're still watching other people's comedy.
I'm 43 and have already started
down the road of total obsolescence
because I don't.
Why are you so nice?
Yeah.
What's your problem?
What are you hiding, Norman?
Here's a fact.
It has taken me
93 years,
a bunch of months,
a lot of... several weeks,
a lot of days,
minutes, seconds
to get to this fucking
second.
It's a tough booking this show.
It is.
It has taken
everybody
who is applauding has taken
every bloody second of their lives
to get here just
to be looking in this direction at me.
So you remind yourself...
So if you add that up against
my 93, I'm way ahead.
No, but seriously, the answer
to the question is
living in the moment.
But it sounds like that's
leading automatically to empathy
because it sounds like you're talking about
you don't have to remind yourself
whereas my therapist has to
remind me that they
are people.
By being in the moment,
you're like, you are them.
You are the people that barged
into your office and call you a garbage man.
You are them. You are another
version of them.
I figured it out.
No, I have
sat here, you know how good you can have
90 strains of thought
in your brain at any one moment.
You can.
But again, well, then four.
I top out at two.
I'm like, holy shit, Norman Lear's here.
What am I going to ask next?
Those are the two thoughts I can hold
in my head.
I figured about these faces
and some I can't see back there with the lights.
But, you know, everybody
has
put it this way.
If you have some sense of
the creator's design here,
the enterprise,
this being a planet among a billion
in a universe of which
they say there are also billions,
then can you get your fingers close
enough to measure the
importance or the impact
of any two individuals
from
Albert Einstein to anybody sitting here.
If you appreciate it,
we all matter.
And
how much we matter, you can't
you can't, as I said,
you can't get your fingers close enough to measure.
And so it may as well be
bad and living in the moment and
I don't know, great.
I love waking up in the morning.
I don't have a more favorite thing.
Are you guys applauding the morning?
Or did you get the sense
he has a heart out?
Norman, when a famous person
dies,
do you like
text some of your friends and say
I love you,
I just really appreciate you
and you just like
say David Bowie dies and you're like
oh man, it hurts me so much
and you want to reach out to your friends
and say I really appreciate you.
I think that I really,
you know, you're only going to be here for so long
and I appreciate you.
Something he does to me every time
someone dies, it could be a famous person,
it could be a loved one, he texts me that he loves me.
I take it as
a criticism of my lifestyle.
So
I want to know
which one of us is right?
I think you're both wrong.
Okay, good.
I think that's
where we'll give him his freedom.
Watch for one day at a time on Netflix
June or July?
I think it's June or July.
Just Google one day at a time
Netflix and the movie
a different version of you is
another version of you.
July. Okay, so it's January
is the Netflix thing.
I mean everything's a Google away.
Why do we do the whole plugging thing anymore?
Also it's Norman Lear, why are we plugging Norman Lear stuff?
I like to give the kids a chance
to keep them off the street.
It's part of our outreach program.
Can I just say this was great?
Oh, thank you, I hope to God
that you're not just being nice.
It was worth waiting all this time for.
Yeah!
Alright, Norman Lear
the legend, the icon,
the human being,
the son, the father,
the writer.
The Holy Ghost.
Coming to a theater near you
and still on your television.
Thank you so much.
The fellow that has to sit here
holding this cannot
drink at the same time.
Alright, notes?
Next time you might...
I will listen to those notes.
They're coming from a good source.
Thank you, Norman.
What are you guys talking about?
What are you talking about over there?
Yeah, what are you guys talking about?
I like the coloring
of the beard
and some other.
And I told him
that if the animals were collecting us
he'd be a prize.
Just sit back down.
Stay forever.
Don't leave us.
Norman Lear. Alright.
Unbelievable.
I like his style.
I don't want him to go. I'm sad now.
I know, I like his style.
I like his style. I'm going to dress like that.
I think it's weird that he thinks about
people now.
That's a weird instinct.
Hopefully he'll come back
and we can just expound on that.
Isn't that something that somebody would say
if that was a person that collects people?
He has a bunch of heads on as well.
If anyone could get away with it.
You have a collectible face.
That new Russell Crow movie
with him and Ryan Gosling.
You look just like him.
He's starting to look more like you
day by day.
Shots fired Russell Crow.
But I want to hit the gym.
I wanted to ask Norman Lear
about the under-roof
situation in the Avengers trailer.
That's Stan Lee,
you fucking asshole.
You don't know it, isn't it?
He got Norman Lear mixed up with Stan Lee.
I did not. I thought that was your joke.
No.
Anyways.
I wanted to know if he pays attention to that stuff.
Sinatra.
He yelled at Sinatra on the phone.
It's World War II.
A little thing called World War II.
We can talk about any...
It's impossible.
Ask me some stuff.
Ask bombers or something?
He was in one of those fucking things.
He bombed Germany.
I think he might have been in the other theater.
I can't remember.
Why did they call him theaters, by the way?
So creepy.
Because always make an entrance.
Yeah.
And never be the first to...
leave.
It's where we got...
It used to be...
Break a leg used to blow off a leg.
Gross.
All right.
Well, now we got to figure out what to do for an hour.
I think we just weep mournfully.
Also, that was...
I've never been that nervous with a guest that we've ever had.
I was okay.
I was pretty cool.
You were crying.
I saw you. You were weeping.
I was crying a little bit.
You kept putting on your glasses and taking them off
and wiping beautiful, giant tears out of your eye.
Yeah. I was looking at some vines, though.
My feet is sick.
I had a...
Right? I've got a sick feet, man.
I did some revining.
I did some revining that's fucking sick,
Norman Lear, man.
I had a Jefferson's dream when I was probably like...
So hot.
Oh, it was really hot.
I was probably like in my mid-twenties.
I dreamed that I was JJ
and I was
getting it on with Selma.
With his sister.
But it wasn't like
an incest thing. I was so... I had such a crush on her.
And
I was JJ and I just
kept finding ways to be around her
when she was naked.
Then she realized that I wasn't her brother.
But I was still JJ Walker.
But I was fucking Selma.
It was really good.
It was good times. Not Jefferson's.
Good times. Good times.
I couldn't wait. I couldn't wait to correct you.
What?
I had good times.
Jefferson's dreams, too.
Also
Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman.
We didn't even scratch the surface.
By the way, it was a soap opera parody.
I've seen half of an episode
back in reruns when I was a kid.
To really...
Watch Fernwood Tonight,
which I haven't seen enough of.
Experimental television.
Talk about...
Taco Bell about it.
Taco Bell, man.
Run for the border, man.
Think out of the box, man.
Taco Bell about that shit, man.
Mary Hartman.
Let's Taco Bell about...
Let's...
Let me get my...
Let's Taco Bell about it.
Let's Taco Bell about...
Let's Taco Bell.
Let's Taco Bell about it.
We could Taco Bell
about it.
Let's Taco Bell about it.
Taco Bell
about it.
See you again.
This is why people should subscribe.
For $5, you can see that Rob wrote
Taco and a shitty bell on the card.
On the back of an envelope.
He's probably still here
and now knows for sure we're stupid.
He might have come back.
This is the smartest I've ever been.
I thought...
I wanted to be grown up tonight.
I kind of felt down like we shoot him up.
I feel like he would have stayed for a while.
I think he just didn't like you.
Well...
Well, a lot of people...
I don't want to ruin what could have been a great
historical segment for Harmontown.
But toward the end, he farted.
No, no.
I was so nervous
about being professional and making
a contained thing.
And then there was a big applause thing
and it was like,
oh no, what if I go past that?
Which I could constantly do.
And then I was like, get out of here!
Get out of here!
They're applauding!
I wanted to talk about World War II a lot.
I thought that would be fascinating.
It's a weird, awesome third dimension.
Yeah, man. Charlie in the bush.
That was one of his worst sitcoms, by the way.
But we could talk about that stuff
without asking him questions.
That's why I'm a bad interview.
You read the book.
And I tried to just...
But really, I could just talk about...
Damn read the book!
He listened to the book.
Yeah!
Is the audio version of his book
him reading it or somebody else?
No, it's him. That's awesome.
That's a feat, too. That's another feat.
It's fucking hard
reading your book into a microphone.
It probably took, like, six days.
Because you... Yeah.
I think probably less.
Well, we'll never know now
because I fucked up the interview.
You did a good interview.
You did a very good interview.
I wasn't fishing for that.
But you cut a nice
20-pound compliment.
You did good.
You did good, Harmon.
Now what? I think we...
You know, you're so goddamn
fun when something else is going on
and you're...
What?
I am fun!
What were you talking about?
Why did you send me a clipping
of a comment?
Why are you still reading
Reddit threads about community for?
I just said some of the
worst parts of community were
my fault.
Were you in a community subreddit?
No.
Where were you? What were you...
I just typed my name into...
I don't
care about anything else, man.
I'm just looking up me, man.
What's the best
case scenario typing in your name?
She's so fucking hot.
So hot.
Well, if you're not going to take my question seriously...
No, I am.
I'm not doing that.
I'm thinking I'm hot.
There's nothing but pain there.
No, I know, I know.
But, look, we as humans, we seek out pain.
You know, we do.
You have something that goes on the air.
When LEGO 2 comes out, I'm going to be
digging for
the one, and it is only going to be
one bad review
of that movie.
You directed the highest rated episode of Season 6.
That is true.
What is it? The last one?
Steve, leave me back in your room.
The last episode?
It's probably the last one.
Everyone showed up to bury the show.
What was it? Paintball.
Paintball.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, a lot of people are probably wondering,
oh, so the first half of the show is the show,
and then the second half is just talking about
how the show's going.
We could do some improv.
What's a controversial topic?
I think you guys should do like a 70's sitcom.
I think you should do like a...
Ba-da-da-da-da-da.
Ba-da-da-da-da-da-da.
Are you doing Rockford Files?
Ba-da-da-da-da-da.
The sitcom.
Rockford Files the sitcom.
Right.
Shhh.
The year is 2014.
Lego Movie just came out.
Shhh.
It all goes downhill from here.
Ding dong.
Well, that sounds like someone at the doorbell.
I'll get it, Martha.
Okay, Jeremiah.
Hey, Jeremiah.
Help me.
Help me, God.
Help me, please.
Help me so much.
There's a Mothman on the porch.
Help me.
Help me, my wings fell off.
I can't get home.
Help me, please, Rockford Files.
Please.
Rockford Files, my giant
Mothman wings fell off.
I can't get home.
Rockford Files, please, help me.
I love a message on your machine,
but nobody answers Rockford Files.
I heard your message.
Now, if you know whom I am...
I do Rockford Files.
Then you know I'm a straight dealer.
Not a double dealer.
But you know I'm swift to justice
if someone hurts the people I love.
With that, come on in.
Okay.
I'm so cold.
I'm so cold without my big old
Mothman wings, please.
Could I have some of that soup
cooking on your stove, sir?
Martha, give him some soup.
Uh...
This is the last of our soup,
sweetheart.
Just a little nibble on the soup, please.
Now, now.
Just a little nibble on your wife's soup.
Honey.
I want to have some of your wife's soup,
please.
I didn't work all day making soup
so I could serve dirty Moth people.
I'm not that dirty.
Should I wait in the living room?
I didn't know your hearing was that cute.
I thought you said to both...
I'm going to wait in the living room.
I was trying to be racist, but quietly.
That's okay.
I'm sorry you had to hear that.
Now that the cat's out of the bag,
I don't like dirty Moth people
in my house.
I'm a racist 1970s housewife.
You know something?
I don't like them that much either.
You're a self-hating Moth person.
If you had a shower or a towel,
I would clean off this dirty Moth person.
That you see before you.
If you give me a shower.
Okay, I have a shower.
I take...
Which way to the shower?
It's right upstairs.
Right upstairs in your mobile home?
Yes, we're...
It's a double dicker.
It's fine.
I'm going to climb up the rope.
Every time you talk to a Moth person,
you get the fucking third degree.
This is the shower right here?
Moth people,
you circle the light of my
boredom.
This is your shower?
Yes.
Okay, I'm stealing it. Fuck you!
I was lying.
I was lying about the wings.
I flew that fucking out of there.
Man, man.
He flew away.
He stole our shower.
Honey,
why did I take all that time
cross-ditching that little thing
that we have above our door that says,
No Mothys?
Oh.
I'm a racist
housewife.
Well, we still have our soup.
Meanwhile, in space...
Boom!
Hello.
Hello, Commander.
Hi.
Bob.
Uh...
You're looking very fit this morning.
Um...
It's a dark T-shirt.
Slimming.
I am. I should get one of those.
Where'd you get that from?
Navy.
Old Navy.
Old Navy. I should take that out.
Have a seat here. I want to just go over your report.
Uh...
So you said
you didn't see a meteor
yesterday.
I
merely stated
what I was
told was
to be said
by my superiors.
Can I ask you a question?
Have you ever seen
this?
Have you seen this before?
Have you ever seen this?
Have you seen this before, Commander?
Commander?
Commander, have you seen this before?
Commander, I am assuming
you still have eyes.
Podcast alert. Rob is holding a picture of a person.
Have you seen this person before?
It's got big eyes
and a mouth that's going...
That's a meteor,
not a person.
Exactly.
You pass the first test.
I'm going to beam you down to Earth.
You're going to meet up with Jim Rockford,
who's going to help you out
with the shower case.
Energize.
Oh, no.
No.
Hey, get the fuck out of the road, asshole.
What the fuck's wrong with you?
Get the fuck out of the road, asshole.
Put some clothes on.
Get the fuck out of the road, you stupid piece of shit.
Wow.
This is CPH, you motherfucking stupid piece of shit.
You fat fuck.
Get the fat fuck out of the way.
Shit.
Get out of CPH.
CPH, get the fuck out of the road, man.
I'm going to turn around and tell you again.
This is California Pacific Highway.
Get the fuck out of the road.
Get the fuck out of the road, you piece of shit,
you fat fuck.
Get on the beach, you piece of shit.
Dude.
Kleenex
Engaged.
I hate being
from space
and being fat.
I hate myself.
I have
body dysmorphia.
I am
chained by
self-esteem.
I am bound
to society's definitions of beauty.
They do not compute
with my
big synthetic bones.
Must eat
feelings.
Car.
Feelings
not eaten.
Need more feelings.
Manhole cover.
Throwing manhole cover
at cop car like a weapon.
Must eat police
like feelings.
I have a family.
Must find family
and eat it.
Going back for
now tiny driver's license
because I got bigger
when I ate everything.
Family at
1-800
dentist.
Honey, is that you coming?
You're early, I haven't made lunch yet.
What?
Honey, is that you coming up the steps?
You sound heavier and bigger than normal.
Is this 1-800
dentist? Yes.
Mommy,
what happened to my
son?
I hear a dog inside house
ripping top of house off.
Finding dog in
sewing room. Hey, come on, don't
come on. Oh shit, oh fuck.
Is it a talking dog?
Dog's ability to talk
lost on me.
You down there, giant
spaceman. You are delicious.
You will not
what did you say, freeze?
We have a special weapon
that can neutralize you in moments unless you stand
down.
That's it.
Cut to five weeks later
at the Oval Office.
I can't believe that big
monster fell for it.
We never had a special weapon.
You're just very good at what you do, Jeff.
I've been saying it forever,
but nobody believes me. You're really good
at what you do. Thank you.
You're really good. Thank you, Madam President.
You're that good.
Now you're kind of overcooking the lamb chops.
You sound sarcastic.
Mr. President?
I have a question about my job.
I was talking to Madam President over there.
Mr. President?
Don't assume the gender
stereotype.
As Secretary of State,
by state we mean country, so if I'm
Secretary of it, why am I not in charge of everything?
You're in charge now.
Oh, okay.
I'm sarcastic.
I mean, why do you need a Secretary
of the country?
What? What?
What do you mean what?
I didn't hear you. What would you say
if you didn't hear me?
What would you say if you didn't hear me?
Would you say a different word other than what?
I'd say what? What would you say?
I'd say what? I'd say what?
How could you not hear me? Did a car drive by?
I was talking into a microphone.
You were mumbling? You were looking away?
I was not mumbling.
I wasn't mumbling. Then I did hear you.
What? I heard you. What?
Then I did hear you.
What? Then I did hear you.
What? Cut to Jim Rockford's apartment.
So you say that somebody stole your
shower, Madam?
Yes.
I'm sorry.
It was foolish of me to assume that
only one of you was a woman.
I didn't realize that
you both had
your own shower stolen.
Do you live together?
Because this is the third shower
theft that I've got this week.
And I'm really in trouble.
I've just got some gum in my hair.
There's an old remedy to get rid of that.
What's the old remedy?
You have to come into this room with me.
Okay.
I guess I'll wait out here.
Okay. Excuse me.
I open the refrigerator
in the freezer
and I take an ice cube out
and I freeze the gum
and it's easier to get out.
Meanwhile, I'm snooping around
and I find a shoebox full of Polaroids
and I gasp
upon seeing Polaroids
depicting ice cubes
being applied to hair with chewing gum in it.
Kathy, get out of there!
See, the gum comes right out.
Kathy, we've got to go right now.
What do you mean?
There's something I have to talk to you about
in the park.
Lockdown.
Oh my god,
my hair's been locked down.
This gum
is never going to come out of my hair now
thanks to you.
You fuck!
Fucking asshole.
On the night of my best date,
this gum
is never going to come out of my hair.
You've always wanted me to lose, Dan.
Lockdown removed.
It seems like I was going to kill you both,
but it seems like you guys have a lot of
things to work out.
I know it was you writing on Reddit.
I can't go near the internet
and type my name in
and you're still doing that. It's insane.
It's just crazy to me.
I had to turn my back on that world
a long time ago. It's sad.
I'm catching up with you.
All right.
So that episode will be continued
like they did in the old days.
Tune in next week on Jim Rockford
when he finds out what
happened with the shower.
And also with
the president of the United States
finds out what happened with the alien
who came from
another planet.
Coming up next on the Duke's Hazard
check out
JR Ewing is going to be all crazy
when he meets Mark and Mindy
coming up
on the fantastic
fantastic television show
that you're going to watch.
Let's bring out Demordge Brown.
Yeah!
Oh!
Don't mind me.
Hi, everybody. How y'all doing?
All right.
You're looking very smart
in your blue blazer right now.
Okay. I believe it.
I lost a button.
Oh!
But gained a daughter.
Her name is Rosario.
When's the last time you were at a wedding?
Don't mock me.
I don't know. Five weeks ago?
I think five or six weeks ago.
Here's the thing. A lot of you kids
are going to get married soon.
Not me
from the looks of it.
A lot of choices you can make
when you're doing your wedding.
Where are you going to do it?
What time of year? Who are you going to invite?
How much are you going to spend?
Here's something that's free to do
for me when I come to your wedding.
Do a fucking mic check! Do a mic check!
On your wedding! God damn it!
I can't hear a fucking thing from back here.
Jesus Christ!
How many weddings you go to where it's like
fucking windy or there's a train
happening and then the fucking
pastor or whoever, somebody goes
and you're like, you can't say at a wedding
like, you got to eat that mic, brother!
Like something's...
Father.
Well, you know, if it's Los Angeles
so mostly it's just like a friend of a friend.
It's not like an actual...
Yeah, I mean, fucking mic check your wedding.
Mic check it.
Hey, were you at a wedding last night?
Mm-hmm.
Is that why you sent me this drunken text?
Why? What are you talking about?
What drunken text?
He sent me...
He's a man without a country but...
Wait, wait, start from the top.
We need to start from the top.
Total silence in the house, please.
Let's see.
If I can do this without...
What is this?
By Rachel Swimmer.
He doesn't have race
but he's swimming
along by Rachel
Swimmer.
All right. It's coming back to me.
I love it.
There was a guy in the lobby
of the standard...
I said, I said...
I called
by Rachel Swimmer.
I got...
I don't think you were sober.
I got that too.
I thought I missed
some connective tissue.
I didn't know what that was.
Yeah, I thought you were there, Jeff,
and I was an accidental addict.
Yeah, that's about it.
Yeah.
Was that guy kicking you out of
wherever you were? No, no, no.
Because he was like, hey, you gotta leave.
Did you ask him to take that?
I know, but he was
pulling aside a velvet rope
so I could go to my suite.
And he was by Rachel Swimmer.
Fucking gross.
Sounds like a sitcom to me.
By Rachel Swimmer.
I didn't know...
Wait, so did I text
a voice message to you?
Is that...
I got that too.
Play it.
Play it? I just did.
Yeah.
How was the wedding?
Aside from the mic problems, did you enjoy it?
Did you cry?
I cry at all weddings now.
Because I'm just like,
this must have caused a fortune.
No, I...
You start...
In your late 20s,
you start crying
at the dad toasts
and then you move into the dad
plus the brother toasts
and then you move into all the toasts
and then you start crying during the ceremony
and then you just cry
when you walk into a wedding.
I just cry the whole time now.
Because it's nice.
Yeah.
You're catching two people
at a moment
of bliss.
Are you a crier, DeMorge?
No.
I've been saying that.
By and large, now.
Sounds like a challenge.
Sounds like we can't...
Let's make
DeMorge cry!
DeMorge,
what have you been reading
about the situation
in Japan?
Well, you know,
I know...
Well, I heard a kid got eaten.
And he didn't even deserve it.
By a kappa?
The Japanese river monster.
That only eats children?
No, it wasn't cartoonish.
It was grounded and real
and a real child lost its life.
And it
loved its life.
It was a child
that was excited about growing up.
Oh!
He didn't make DeMorge cry.
Guests of Make DeMorge Cry
stay at
Bioracial Swimmers
Downtown Standard Hotel.
Don't you swimmer?
Bioracial Swimmer.
A dunky classic hotel.
No, not a crier.
But I grew up in a house where
you showed
just Steely Reserve
at all sort of emotional and critical moments.
What house?
The Brown House.
It was a brown house.
There's not a movie?
There's like a chair joker for you?
Yeah, man.
There's two Australian movies
about the same character.
And then the second one,
the last sort of monologue
that the kid gives you,
which is sort of after he's grown up,
it just wrecks everything.
I'm like that with the end of Wrath of Khan.
Woo!
Yeah.
Duck Hollywood.
I cry at everything.
I'm an easy movie.
When the music crescendos,
I'm crying.
You know what gets me?
I won't even watch it.
I saw somebody on the plane
watching Glory and I cried
just looking over it.
I saw that Glory was on and I'm like,
okay, I'm gonna start crying.
Which scene?
A bunch.
That guy just made a sound
that sounded like the word taco
and it reminded me of a thing.
Pornhub.
Under fire.
Here we go!
Let's do our race
in porn segment.
It doesn't need to have a theme.
Pornography
is emerging
and so is
race.
Pornhub
I don't even know
what they were doing.
There was a page that
Spencer was here, he could explain it.
Spencer, you did it?
Do you remember what the context is?
Steve Levy?
Do you want to come explain it?
Steve Levy, everybody!
Steve Levy.
Hello.
They were
putting emojis
in our categories.
Specifically,
here's emojis you can use.
No, they picked them and that's what...
This is...
I'm saying, what the hell was their point?
Were they trying to do?
Create a secret code?
It was like a cute thing.
Here are emojis for our categories.
Yes.
They were saying,
when you want to text your friend about porn,
you can use these emojis
to mean these code phrases.
Is that what it was?
I thought they were doing it on their website,
or on their mobile...
So, I don't remember.
You don't know.
But at any rate, whatever it was,
whatever the context, it was like
their emoji for
Latina, which is a category of porn,
because fetish,
it was a taco.
I'm going like this because
I'm indicating the size of the emoji.
Emojis are like...
It was a taco.
You know, that's
valid outrage.
It taps into a...
It's like this is...
Yeah, like the...
What's the emoji for white person?
I'm sure it's
nothing, Rob, because
it's the...
It's the hegemity
of normativization.
Hegemity
You don't have to say something
all the time.
If you don't,
you can...
It's just...
I mean, it's like...
It's not like you're going to get invoiced
if there's...
Oh, my God.
If you just behave yourself for a second.
So, Steve, you and Dan watch porn together,
or you text each other about porn?
It was like a top 10 article.
He knows about my passion for...
And I was like, oh, Dan, you know...
He's a progressive guy.
Is that the issue with it?
Or is the issue that they're using
of just, you know...
Okay, well, some of the kids...
Well, I think it pokes into a whole larger issue.
Which I think is a good...
I think it's great
that now these conversations are being had about porn
because it's furthering the normalization
of porn being outraged
about minutiae of porn.
Like, hey, like...
10 years ago,
an adolescent or young adult,
like a Latin person in their Tumblr blog,
they wouldn't...
They would be afraid to say,
oh, this is an offensive thing
because they'd be simultaneously
copping to awareness of porn
in the comments and be like, oh, watch porn much?
I mean, as recently as 10 years ago,
that might have been the case.
So, there's a little silver lining in there.
Alright, so it's...
It's like...
So if you text them a taco...
They'll send you a video...
What are the other races?
What is Asian?
What is black?
Well, they're all pretty...
Guess what?
Like, it's scissors for lesbians.
Interracial is a...
a yin and yang sign.
That's great.
Omron.
Lesbian is a scissor.
Cream pie is a cake
with cream in the middle.
So this is like a Montessori sort of
porn exercise.
Big dick is the eggplant.
Squirting is the little...
Come on.
Come on!
What are the other ethnicities?
This is all of them?
Is that the whole...
Yeah, you got it.
What are some of the more
specific ones?
So, not that I care.
It's very dim.
Yeah.
You saving your battery?
I don't know. Good luck.
You gotta save that battery there, Levy.
But, I have like...
Anyways, refreshing that
porn, which
I keep beating that drum.
And other things.
There's a cherry.
Two cherries. Guess what that stands for?
What that is?
Fruit salad.
Small tips.
Two cherries?
Yeah, it's dumb.
Does it make any sense?
Well, yeah.
They were on thin ice before they stepped out the door.
You should come out with a moochie.
Guess what an old school Atari joystick is
with the knob and the red button.
Solo mail.
That's all porn.
Oh, in terms of what you're looking at.
Oh, okay.
Hey, Bob.
Here's some solo mail porn for you.
All the other
ethnicities are
flags.
Yeah, see, that's the thing.
This is something that, you know...
It's terrifying.
Not just Japanese.
Isn't sushi?
Oh, come on.
Steve, leave. I thought it was.
Steve, come on.
Guess what the right on-fist
means?
You get one, guess.
It's pretty funny.
I don't know, but...
Panamime?
Two crossed cutlassies, like pirate swords.
Two crossed cutlassies.
That's gay porn.
Oh, sword fight.
I was slow on that one.
That's the classy one.
I was slow.
I just realized, but you can flowchart
through that now.
Imagine being in whatever that think tank is.
Maybe they did
initially go flag,
because that's the easy choice.
And then they're like, oh, is that gonna...
No, there's no way they went down that road.
They're like, oh, that might offend people
if you used the Mexican flag.
What would a Colombian think?
They're like, let's put a taco.
I just thought for a second,
like, oh, there must be...
I'll bet you a million dollars
that...
Is there a llama on there?
Everybody over there would agree they made a mistake.
But the good news is,
I just like, you know, not to beat a dead horse,
but I like that today's
young person
in a sea
of outrage and complaint
and hashtagging and all that stuff,
I like porn being added to that.
It represents, to me,
who has no horse in the other race,
to me, it represents porn
being closer to the front door
and in our living rooms and being talked about.
I like it.
Talk about porn.
Talk about it to understand.
Talk about it. Give your neighbor a hand.
Go over at night.
No, no.
Don't give your neighbor a hand.
Until we teach people
what the heck it is
and what sexuality is
and what...
You had to be really careful with that stuff, dude.
Wait, so you should teach people...
Yeah, we need to teach people...
We don't and we shut it
and we block people away.
We push it down and that's where it turns
into a weird black market thing
where then you're entrusting
sex awareness
to, you know,
hard working, but maybe not...
There's no regulation and there's no...
Yeah, exactly. That's my point.
Exactly. We finally agree about porn.
No, we don't.
What do you want porn to become, Dan?
What would be your
dream future of porn?
What would be the state of porn
in, you know, 20 years?
Well, I think it should become the equivalent
of, like, a cosplay.
The way we talk about...
The way we compartmentalize our fantasy life
from our reality and are comfortable with it
so that people don't get hurt.
Like, you know, there's people...
We're having conversations now about, like,
you know,
young women that dress up as poison ivy
and go to Comic-Con, you know,
you're not allowed to just...
You're not allowed to objectify them
just because they're dressed that way, et cetera.
It's like a conversation starting to happen,
but it doesn't have anything to do with,
as it did 20 years ago,
oh, why are you dressed like poison ivy
if you don't want blah, blah, blah to happen?
So it's like, I...
What I want for porn, which is an industry
that has been for a long time,
you know,
like, just rife with
suicide and
drug abuse and...
you know, disease and, like, just sad stories,
uh,
exploitation and things like that.
Like, the more you talk to people
who, you know,
as a younger generation is coming into it
that has a little, a few less catexes,
like, they're...
You're seeing a little more possibly mental health
within the porn world, maybe,
but we need...
What I would like to see is for porn to be
just on the other side of a curtain
where, you know,
you don't need it to be
ever present and visible,
but it's like, it's also,
at the same time, it's accountable to
uh,
the same
rules that, uh,
normal life is. It's just on the other
side of a curtain, which means that this life
doesn't have to be such a fucking lie,
because you don't have to have conversations
with people where you're, like, sitting,
like, our worship of movies and television
and stuff, like,
it has, like, this dark side to it,
where we think that our real life is, like,
not a thing that's
worth living, because we're not
Robert Downey Jr. in a robot armor suit.
Like, it's like, we need to...
It would be nice to be able to recognize, like,
that's mythology, and that we use that
to entertain ourselves
during this very important life
that is happening right here, that's very entertaining,
even though maybe my podcast is two hours
long and has no structure to it.
I'm...
I'm advocating for the right
to be boring.
And, yes, I have an agenda.
Here's
something I didn't know I was into.
Wilma Flintstone.
You did send
me that vine.
Yeah, she was... Wilma and, uh,
Betty Rubble. Pretty good.
I mean, I just,
you know, because I, you know,
I was checking out cosplay stuff,
you know, and then it was just like...
Do people cosplay as Betty Rubble
and Wilma Flintstone? Yes.
They must. They must. I'm sure they do.
This is what I found out.
I had a big thing for Judy Jetson.
Judy Jetson, wow.
Sure. Same... same deal.
Yeah.
I'll be checking that out when I get home.
Someone from...
Someone from Goodtimes.
Yeah.
It did the job.
From Scooby-Doo is what you're saying.
Velma.
Yeah. I mean...
Velma from the Jeffersons.
I met two girls at a school,
I think it was at Smith,
one of the East Coast colleges.
By and large, there's a very large,
like, lesbian community
there at that school.
Large lesbians or the community is large.
Like, both.
Oh, okay.
And somebody was saying,
maybe somebody here can verify that,
that those schools,
those sister schools are based on,
or Scooby-Doo is based on them,
or that one school is the shaggy
because the people there get high,
and one is the Thelma,
because everybody there is lesbian,
and...
Is that a real thing? It is?
Vassar is shaggy.
Smith is, I think,
Velma.
But I met these two girls at a bar
in Southampton, Northampton,
whatever that is, in Massachusetts,
and there was two girls sitting there,
and they were dressed exactly
like Daphne and Velma.
And they were exactly what they were
in this thing, but totally non-ironically,
there was just two girls sitting there.
Anyway, long story.
I like...
I've grown to accept Daphne,
like...
in my old age, but...
Isn't she right in your wheelhouse?
Well, you'd think so, but...
I mean, I really did...
I watched that show,
and I really was quite taken with Velma,
and, you know,
I really liked her,
and so she kind of distracted.
And then Marianne,
Marianne from Gilligan's Island Complex,
it's like Ginger was a redhead
and she was supposed to push your buttons,
but it's like when it's so...
but it's like Marianne had dimension,
so, you know, you kind of like,
well, then it's like, it's a trick,
it's a...
you know, it's like, oh, you're...
it's like, oh, she's...
she's not the glamorous movie star,
she's got pigtails.
And then you're like...
you're like, fuck you,
you're not beautiful, I hate you.
Like, girl, you're pressing.
I wonder what Norman Lear would think
or share with Schwartz.
He was like, fuck that hack.
I kind of want to ask him about Erwin Allen, too.
Yeah, like people who were prolific,
but...
maybe, yeah.
Yeah, I'm curious,
would you ever catch Norman Lear
like just talking shit
about hacks and stuff,
that he just like so...
He talked shit about later Jerry Lewis.
Like, he's like, he was funny,
then he fucking lost his shit,
and he wasn't funny anymore.
I think he would, you know, shoot straight on that.
Can I tell a story about that,
that I learned from that book?
Yeah.
Him and his partner,
last name Emerson,
he mentioned him up here,
I can't remember his name.
That's great, Dan.
They were working on the...
for Martin and Lewis,
and
they went from...
their first paycheck was,
they were splitting 700 bucks,
which was a big deal to them.
It was a lot of money, it was a windfall,
and then by the time they were done,
like three seasons of that show,
they were making like 10,000 an episode or something.
So you can imagine, I mean, if 700 was a big deal.
So, and then
they...
the whole page ad that was taken out,
I think by the producers of the show,
that's just said,
you know, you guys have been the unsung heroes of comedy
for a long time, we just wanted to acknowledge,
sort of probably in variety, or whatever existed then,
it...
you guys are great,
and mentioned them by name, and said,
like, hey,
Lear and Emerson,
like, you guys are...
you guys are great, you've been writing great comedy,
thank you for writing for Martin and Lewis,
and then it was like a month later,
Jerry Lewis unceremoniously
fired them,
and Lear points out in the
book that in all of his
million interviews and books
and documentaries and things,
Lewis has never
acknowledged that anything has ever been written
for him.
So there's a dot connection there,
where it's like, is that what the...
the society
started saying, like, oh,
you guys write for you,
and then they got fired.
But Jerry Lewis's movies,
the ones that he didn't write, where he had
writers, those are fucking hilarious,
because he's one of the greatest physical comedians
of all time, then when he's writer,
director, producer, actor, everything,
they're garbage.
I mean, there'll be a funny scene or two,
but...
And I was trying to stitch that to, like, look,
if I see a talk show, a late night talk show,
and it's like, tonight's guest is the vice president
of the United States, and we're gonna play tug-of-war.
Gap, gap.
Is that comedy?
I wanted to ask someone who
spent his career, like, right...
I wanted to, because I just wanted to hear him go,
no, thank you.
Because it makes me angry.
I don't like institutional Apple on the desk
fucking fun is funny.
I was so intimidated by
just his aura and presence, and the fact
that he's also just really magnanimous,
nice, like...
You laid back.
You chicken and stride.
Uh, I should...
That was an...
This whole thing that happened earlier
was an amazing moment for me, because
those shows... Did you know he was gonna be here tonight, by the way?
Uh, I got tipped to it
this afternoon, so I came just to be around it,
but it's just... You have to understand that that guy...
Uh...
O's me ten bucks.
Sure. But he's like Sidney...
He's like Sidney Lumet, and he's like Haskell Wexler
and these guys who are politically active,
and I would say,
in his stead, maybe somebody else would have done it,
but created the sitcom
as a political venture, the political sitcom,
which was not just selling soap,
but it was saying, this is what's going on in the world
right now, all things.
Having the conversation... Yeah.
You could list the things that happened.
There's a Ron Glass episode that's just about
the way we perceive race,
and it's split in half.
The refrigerator breaks down.
I don't have any food or something. Meathead's left in charge,
and Archie happens to be there,
and then Ron Glass comes in
as the...
the repairman, and there's two different versions,
and one, he has
a gigantic afro and a switch-bladed
is the biggest thing you've ever seen
just to eat an apple, and Archie's talking about
how threatening this guy is, and whatever,
and then Meathead tells his version of the story,
and it's a totally different thing.
And it's hilarious from minute one all the way through
to the end, but
it's like a kid, watching this stuff
on my floor, like, I would just go,
Jesus Christ.
Regular use of the N word
in both All in the Family and the Jeffersons,
and, like, you know,
like, that was...
It was just all constant conversations
about the actual thing.
My grandpa
was a World War II vet
who lied about his age
so he could be in the war,
so he's like...
I don't even want to call anyone
from the greatest generation
a conservative or a liberal
because it's like those words have been so polluted,
because it's like, what else could you be
if you were a vet?
Like, I don't want to fault my grandfather
being, by our modern definition,
a little more
like, not the most open-minded dude
in the world,
and one of my uncles,
his son, his only son,
was a total hippie.
He was very analogous of the meat-head thing,
and it was going on in every house
in every city,
and they would watch All in the Family together.
I would watch them watch it.
I was just a little kid, and all I knew
was that my grandpa didn't really like my uncle
that much, but that they both liked this show,
and that one guy would talk,
and he would say, like, the N word and stuff,
and they'd go and fag it and queer,
and then they would take turns laughing.
It was like the old guy would talk,
and then the old guy in my living room would laugh,
and the young guy would laugh,
and it was like, it was,
why did we turn our backs on that?
Because of Reagan is one.
The episode when Sammy Davis Jr. comes on,
and he says,
like, I think someone says, like,
he's black,
oh, Carol O'Connor goes, Archie Margaret says,
he's black and Jewish? Oh, that's a two-time loser.
And then Sammy Davis,
when he leaves, before leaving,
plants a giant kiss on his mouth,
and it got the audience
shrieked with joy.
It's really, really amazing.
The big controversial thing was not only that,
it was like,
Norman Lear was catching it from both sides
when that show started.
It wasn't a ratings hit overnight.
It won Emmys immediately,
but it wasn't a ratings hit.
And can you imagine,
liberals were mad
because
there was a lovable bigot on TV,
and they kept using that phrase,
a lovable bigot,
and there's footage
in Carol O'Connor,
who you really walk away with so much respect for,
because he was so passionate
about that role, and as Norman points out,
Carol O'Connor was,
he was fucking out there.
The word showrunner didn't exist back then.
It didn't matter that much.
This guy was on TV playing this character.
So liberals were mad
that he was a lovable bigot,
and bigots were mad because it was clearly
making fun of them, etc.
It was easy to look at it
as a no-win situation,
but it also was
an all-win situation.
That's great. I wouldn't be here
if it wasn't for him,
and for my parents sticking me
in front of the TV.
We, they were really, really strict about stuff,
and about watching TV, and when you could watch it,
and how many hours and stuff, but if they heard the TV on,
and they yelled out,
the more it's, what are you watching?
Whatever it was, and because they knew that it was
complex, Jet Magazine, or Ebony Magazine
would come out, and Richard Pryor would be in it,
or somebody would be in it, and they would mention
writing on one of his sitcoms, or shows, or something.
You know, whatever, Paul Mooney.
I think he hired him to write for
several shows and stuff, and these are
people we had records of, but nobody
else talked about it outside of that, or knew,
you know, and my parents would get these things,
and they'd put it in front of me and go,
see that guy, and he's, it's just,
it's
insane at every level of him taking,
you know, just taking situations and putting
them out there, and the mechanics are sound,
and the jokes are tight,
and you're laughing the whole time, but there is
so much going on, mod,
with B. Arthur just
attacking these ideas
of, in the
height of the Power
Woman's movement, just
everything, what that is to be
that, how you deal with menopause, and how you
move these things in and out of a
storyline and make people laugh, but also make them
walk away understanding what's going on.
At the end of it, all the studio audience
claps like crazy, and it's, you know, it's,
Yeah, but you don't get the sense that there's
like, juiced laughter, there's comfort
with silence, you can hear people clearing their
throat. They did
a rape episode, they did an abortion
episode, cancer episode,
Yeah, if it was, if it was
something, and it was, and it was, back then
it wasn't like, yeah, you go, let's do a
special episode, and win an Emmy, it was like
don't do this, don't do this, don't do this, and
he always had to say every step of the way.
But all the family, um, because
it's, like, the sets were just like, like plays,
they were just like, you know, like
community theater sets, they were
really, like, Samford and Son, all in the family,
like, they were just these really simple
sets, uh,
the, the writing
is so funny on those shows that
they work, like, like, satellite
radio comedy stations play
giant sections of All in the Family,
or, or Samford and Son, and
it's incredibly
like, it's, it's Vaudeville, it's
really good writing, and
I mean, again, like, it's, it's
character-driven, uh, plays, it's
really, really crazy.
The Jefferson's was, it was same setup as
any other sitcom I could turn on TV anywhere
else and watch, but the people
steering, stirring the drink
were black, and for me as a kid it was insane,
and the buffoon that was a neighbor was the guy
Bentley or anything like, it was a
white guy, and I'm just watching this, like, this
this exists, this is happening.
Who is the asshole couple that lived next door to you that were always
being a bummer? No, no, there was a multi-racial
couple, right? Wasn't there like a- Well, it was Rocky
Rokers, Lenny Crabs, Lenny Crabs' mom, and, um,
I didn't know that. Yeah, and,
um, um, cheese.
The big, the big white guy. Yeah, oh, oh, Tom.
Right? Yeah.
She was, she was like, Tom, and he would go,
oh, oh, oh, oh, everybody,
oh, oh, and then just these dad jokes
that would just fall flat, but then you're just laughing
because this is like the least funny guy
in the room, but it's buy and buy design and buy
intent. I remember, people used to,
adults used to call me in to parties and stuff
and, like, set up kids and, like, reenact that
episode, and people would do, my little brother would
walk around and go, whoa, Archie,
how was your day?
DeMorge, like, was there a time,
like, where you, did that, did those
shows come on, and you, you saw the shift?
Were, oh, now there's black leading
characters, or was that already on when you
were, like- It was, like, in New York, there
were so many channels that needed programming,
and so they would just fill up blocks with
everything, and so you could see everything
on any given day, and you could
essentially binge watch as a kid,
because you're around in the summers, and it's just
nonstop, Bob Newhart, the old Bob Newhart
show, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
You know, and so you're just getting blasted
with this brilliance, but this is, like,
this, I learned immediately, and I think
someone or parents even said, if you see
Norman Lear's name on something, you can
watch it, because it's, it's going
to be complex, it's going to be important,
and he's doing stuff
that's not, I mean, and again, like I say, there
were these people who existed. Wexler
shot medium cool and, like, walked right into
the Chicago riots in 68, I think it was,
and just shot, shot a movie, because
that's what was happening now, that's what
was important, and he thought art should
reflect that these movements have any
kind of movement, has two, or any successful
movement, has two things. There's a rhetoric of
agitation, which is the thing that's shaking the
glass, threatening to break it, and makes everybody
and a rhetoric of convergence behind it, which is
the thing that sort of makes everybody,
they, they, people go around it and
they just kind of go, okay, look, shut that guy up
and we'll advance you a little bit, and you have
to rattle the box, and you have to move it,
and in his show specifically, I think
you get, and this might be this thing about
acquiescing and stuff, you get both of those
elements, you know, the topic for topic
for topic, it can be
aggressive, politically and controversial
or whatever, but then also, it exists,
so now the playing field
is changing. But another TV person told me,
when you watch All in the Family, the secret
to keeping that thing going, was that
if you actually watch it through a political
lens, Meathead was
always wrong
politically, and so was Archie, but
there, Meathead was always right about Archie,
and Archie was always right about Meathead.
So, is that, because that was
that, that's what makes it, like
you, you can just do that for 100 episodes
then, because it's never preachy.
Certainty being the enemy in politics
and comedy and
religion and everything.
Certainty is the enemy. And even in that show
I think as an audience, you are often wrong about Edith
and then they take the latter half of that
series to prove to you that
there was so much more going on in there, and
there's a point where she, they're arguing, and it's the same thing that's
been happening every episode, and then she stops
and she screams at him and she goes, not this time,
not now, and if you watch
any of those episodes, you just, your heart stops
dead and you go, oh crap, what's gonna happen?
The secret wisdom that she has
that she can put up with somebody like Archie,
like she's not just a dummy, she's
really, really great. It sounds like it's aggressive
preaching, but watch
the, I mean, if you haven't seen any of these episodes
or any of these things, just watch the shows and you're
and there's a great clip. You will be entertained
as the top priority. Awesome, I forget what the
episode is, but there's a bit, it's so funny
and it will last forever, like in the annals
of comedy, it's, she asked, Archie
do you love me?
He's like, oh Jesus Christ, do you?
He did that?
She nails him down on her
and it's really, really wonderful because
she's the
she's the straight man, like she's
the protagonist in that thing, it's really, really great.
And Gene Stapleton, right? Yeah.
Oh my God, the cast, the acting, fucking
amazing. And then later in life, you see
them do things out of that context and realize
these are the most
brilliant performers, artists
in the world. Yeah, because they're all
British and shit.
I mean, they may as well be like,
Carol Connor is not,
he's not like this,
you know, he's like, his accent
is not Archie Bunker's accent
and Norris Stapleton's like, they're
intelligent people.
Alright, so. Sorry, I didn't mean to go off
there, but that was like a life-changing
thing today, so thanks for that.
Sorry, Dan, your fight story got interrupted
before. I didn't really fight.
Yeah, I know, I know.
I'm sorry.
Alright, well, what have we learned
tonight?
I think a whole lot.
How about being
the career that that
guy has
and will continue to have
and it's a kiyomi, right? Yeah.
And you work with him kind of
as what capacity? Oh God, she's still here.
It's so embarrassing, we're talking about your boss all night.
Well, you come up and
grab a mic,
if you want to.
Yeah,
I was going to say
he's 93
and he looks
like a million bucks.
And he's groovy and easy
going and he's not a contanker
as old grouch.
Yeah, not at all.
Or is he? No, he's not.
He's very nice.
How did you hook up with him?
I got lucky.
I had an agent call
me saying that there was a job opening there
and I interviewed for it
and I got it.
And now you're working for Norman Lair? Yes.
It's amazing, but what if we could all be
93-year-olds that could still smile and be so
completely
open-hearted
and open-minded about stuff?
I don't think it's possible.
I just don't want to set myself over
disappointment.
We didn't get into the biological
the age-old, because I didn't want to feel
like a morning show, like what's your secret
kind of thing, but
assume he doesn't drink that much?
He's not a big drinker? No, not really.
Does he smoke anything?
He's pretty healthy.
He's pretty in the angel dust.
I know he's got kind of an angel dust thing.
He references some stuff.
He gives partial credit to his writing partners
Dexadrine and
what's the other ones
back then?
Seek and all?
Second all.
What are the downers
for though?
To go to bed. For the third act?
All right.
But he talks about clutch writing
and all that stuff. I wanted to ask him about
Adderall and what his feelings
were. Because he mentions doing ecstasy
in the book, just in passing.
Is
his writing partner still alive?
You know, I actually don't know.
I've only worked with him for about a little
over a year, so I'm probably one of the
newest people on his team. Got it.
What would Norman Lear's porn
emoji be?
Like if I
was sending a text to my friend and I was
like, this clip is amazing.
It's Norman Lear fucking...
A little upright piano that they play.
The theme song
all in the family.
Oh, no, no. It would be an easy chair.
It would be Archie's chair.
I didn't really want an answer.
All right.
Well, it's past time.
I guess traditionally this is
part of the show where Kiyomi does a wrap.
Right. It's true.
We usually have the assistance of our guests
do a wrap
at the end of the night.
We have a special beat from Zach.
Zach, is that you want to lay a beat on us?
Or some Harry Foster?
Harry, you got a beat?
Apparently Zach has my beat.
Zach, drop that beat.
Kiyomi, do whatever you like. You don't have to do anything if you don't want to.
No, I'm good. Thank you.
All right.
Oh, shit.
Yeah.
I love
hand, foot,
chimney,
foot.
Fuck your mama.
Inside and out.
Fuck your mama till she got
the gout.
She needs iodine.
Less rich food.
I fucked your mama cause
she's in the mood.
That's consensual.
That makes it good
till it plays.
Sounds like
the hip hooray.
It's like we had it made.
So it's for the day.
Steiffel, Edith,
I'm trying to top.
The beat head has got to take a
walk with his liberal
viewpoints and pro-clear
views.
Fuck your mama so much she's in the news.
I'm trying to
go up
to the east side.
Yo.
To a dealer's apartment
in the sky.
It's in the sky.
Yo.
I'm moving on.
Beans on the griddle.
Burn on the grill.
I fucked your mama till she had her fill.
I fucked your mama
in a dealer's apartment.
and I was able to compartmentalize it.
Cause I have
autistic traits.
And I fuck her so great.
She loves my
focus and my ability to
focus on her.
Cause she's put off by my lack of eye contact.
Cause you take the good with the bad.
Keeping your head above water.
Making our way
when we can.
And for rarity layoffs.
Good times.
Yo.
Not good times.
Yo. Good times.
Good rhymes.
I fucked your mama so hard.
I was
a dino mate.
I fucked your mama
all night.
I went out in the hall
in a tenement building.
Have you thought you're next time
make yourself a little longer.
Alright.
Final verse.
East coast, west coast,
top coast, bottom.
I fucked your mama
and then I got them.
I talked about pokemons.
I got them all.
And then I brought them
to Niagara Falls.
I said help me fuck
your mama.
Thank you for coming to Hyman's
Channel everybody.
Thank you Kiyomi.
Thank you so much.
Steve Levy.
Harry Foster for making
the smooth beach.
We love it.
Rob Schrab everybody.
I'm Jeff Davis.
One more time even though he's left the building.
Norman Lear.
Pretty cool.
It's awesome to have you all here with us for that.
Thank you Mayor Dan Hyman everyone.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.